Deploy First Mentality
- Build tiny service to do tiny logging.
- Get it running locally, then on Staging and production.
- Think Staging as Production from Ops perspective
- We can achieve by doing project_101
- OWN THE ENTIRE STACK

Things to do
- project_101 
- Get logging working on local
- Get the project structure
- DDD - create firewalls between the project

Three Layers
- POD - Package Oriented Design
- Data Flows - Data flows through application vertically Up and down
- Domain Layer - Data and their relationships

Project Layer
- service/zarf (zarf is from dictionary is to hold the kubernetes container ) - is like a hand on top of coffee to keep things in place IAC
- These layers are the firewalls and boundaries

- service/api - is inspiration taken from encore (cool tech to build services like this). Takes care of 
    - It is the common layer 
    - Contain protocols - http
    - Application layer (binary) & protocol we are using

- service/app - it is the application concern. 
    - It is the first place where data start to flow. 
    - Then it is flown into business layer.
    - Data coming in - validated
    - Next is to pass the data into the business layer
    - app layer is separate from the protocol layer 

- service/business - it for business logic
    - data we manage
    - data layer
    - SQL support
    - Domains

- service/foundation - provide base foundation for the project; potentially living in it's own repo one day.
    - Imports can go down; but can never go up.
    - This means - we maybe working in the business layer, but later importing from app layer (this is wrong) 
    - Imports has to flow through as the data flows. One directional 

- service/vendor - not necessary but easy to keep third party outside and easy to debug

MAKE SURE WE DON'T Violate Import Path to have a healthy project. 